H1pp¯crat1c_¯athData holds the promise of a new frontier in healthcare. ÊAs we generate knowledge from this data we become purveyors of it and custodians of the power it bestows: we become healthcare professionals. ÊSuch a role demands great responsibility: for behind every data point is a human life, one that may be struggling with sickness and infirmity. We have a sacred obligation to treat such vulnerability with care.In this new domain,WE are inheritors of a noble profession and we will work hard in our efforts to cure disease and help the sick while honoring the hard-won lessons of our predecessors.ÊWE will abstain from all wrong-doing and harm, intentional or otherwise. ÊWe will remain vigilant of the applications of our work and ensure its beneficence.WE will respect the confidentiality of patient data and guard it appropriately. ÊWe will maintain patientsÕ privacies and treat data as an extension of the confidential trust between patient and healer.WE pledge to be stewards of our work, our models, and our data. ÊWe will not be swayed by shortcuts or distractions and we pledge to recommit daily to pursue our mission.WE swear to strive boldly: to push the boundaries of machine learning in healthcare, while maintaining relentless self-doubt in the service of truth.WE will foster knowledge by sharing openly with co-workers, customers, and collaborators. In this complex field, it will require a community of shared work to see real change. ÊOUR highest priority, to be dedicated daily, is the person at the end of the algorithm, for the primary purpose of our technology is to aid humanity. ÊÊWE will live each day according to these principles and tend to our own health and well being.ÊAnd with empathy, WE will hold our work to the highest standard with a sincerity and consideration of its application to the lives of our loved ones.ÊWe believe in the power of data science to augment the hard work of medicine, to untangle the web of healthcare, and to provide better care to the sick. ÊWe are a privileged group - to be at the edge of this opportunity - and we must earn this privilege every day. Ê